Rework "Object Priority and Conflicts" section (#331)
gbdev/pandocs: src/OAM.md

 Bit2-0 Palette number  **CGB Mode Only**     (OBP0-7)
```

## Object Priority and Conflicts

There are two kinds of "priorities" as far as objects are concerned.

> The first one is which objects are ignored when there are more than 10 on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first one defines which objects are ignored when there are more than 10 on a
```

> given scanline. The second one is which object is displayed on top when some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
given scanline. The second one decides which object is displayed on top when some
```

overlap (the Game Boy being a 2D console, there is no Z coordinate).

### Selection priority

During each scanline's OAM scan, the PPU compares [`LY`](<#FF44 - LY (LCD Y Coordinate) (R)>)
([using `LCDC` bit 2 to determine their size](<#LCDC.2 - OBJ size>)) to each
object's Y position to select up to 10 objects to be drawn on that line.

> The PPU scans OAM linearly (from $FE00 to $FE9F), and stops as soon as 10

Reviewer: Suggestion: I think `sequentially` better fits the idea here.

> The PPU scans OAM linearly (from $FE00 to $FE9F), and stops as soon as 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PPU scans OAM sequentially (from $FE00 to $FE9F), and stops as soon as 10
```

> objects were found, ignoring the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
objects are found, ignoring the rest.
```

> Therefore, objects earlier in OAM will be dropped less frequently than later

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this is worth mentioning. Isn't it clear from the "linerarly" fact?

Author: I'm not sure everyone will connect these two dots, especially if not reading the document linearly (pun not intended).

Reviewer: This is generally a fair observation (keep paragraphs as self-contained as possible so the reading is possible without too much context from other parts of the document) but here it makes no sense, the information is repeated two times in less than 10 lines of document, the repetition is just noise.

Author: Alright.

> Therefore, objects earlier in OAM will be dropped less frequently than later

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: (Duplicate of above two)

> ones; in particular, the first 10 objects will never be dropped.

Reviewer: This is not necessary. We already said the first 10 ones are the one considered

Author: Again, I'm not sure everyone will make the connection.

> ones; in particular, the first 10 objects will never be dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: (Duplicate of above two)

> Since the PPU only checks the Y coordinate to select objects, this means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the PPU only checks the Y coordinate to select objects,
```

> even off-screen objects count towards this 10-object-per-scanline limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 off-screen objects count towards the 10-object-per-scanline limit.
```

> Just setting an object's X coordinate to X&nbsp;=&nbsp;0 or X&nbsp;≥&nbsp;168

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting an object's X coordinate to X&nbsp;=&nbsp;0 or X&nbsp;≥&nbsp;168
```

(160&nbsp;+&nbsp;8) will hide it, but it will still count towards the
limit, possibly causing another object later in OAM not
to be drawn. To keep off-screen objects from affecting on-screen ones, make
sure to set their Y coordinate to Y&nbsp;=&nbsp;0 or Y&nbsp;≥&nbsp;160
(144&nbsp;+&nbsp;16).
(Y&nbsp;≤&nbsp;8 also works if [object size](<#LCDC.2 - OBJ size>) is set to 8x8.)

### Drawing priority

When some of these 10 objects overlap, the highest-priority one will appear

> above all others, etc. However, this priority is determined differently when in

Reviewer: What's `etc` here?

Author: Priority still applies "recursively" to any transparent pixels it may have that overlap other objects.

Reviewer: So following the already explained priorities, am I right?

Reviewer: I am not sure what you are trying to communicate here

Author: Right; rewording.

CGB mode.

- **In Non-CGB mode**, the smaller the X coordinate, the higher the priority.
  When X coordinates are identical, the object located first in OAM has higher
  priority.
- **In CGB mode**, only the object's location in OAM determines its priority.

::: tip Interaction with "BG over OBJ" flag

Object drawing priority and "BG over OBJ" interact in a non-intuitive way.

> What really happens is that the PPU first resolves priority between objects to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PPU first resolves priority between objects to
```

pick an "object pixel", which is the first non-transparent pixel encountered
when iterating over objects sorted by their drawing priority.

> However, the "BG over OBJ" attribute is never considered in this process!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "BG over OBJ" attribute is **never** considered in this process.
```

Only *after* object priority is resolved, the "object pixel" has the "BG over
OBJ" attribute of its object checked to determine whether it should be drawn
over the background.
This means that an object with a higher priority but with "BG over OBJ" enabled
will sort of "mask" lower-priority objects, even if those have "BG over OBJ"
disabled.

> This can be exploited to only hide parts of an object behind the background ([video demonstration](https://youtu.be/B8sJGgCVvnk), [discussion of the same behavior for NES](https://forums.nesdev.com/viewtopic.php?f=10&t=16861)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be exploited to only hide parts of an object behind the background ([video demonstration](https://youtu.be/B8sJGgCVvnk)). A similar behaviour [can be seen on NES](https://forums.nesdev.com/viewtopic.php?f=10&t=16861).
```

 Bit2-0 Palette number  **CGB Mode Only**     (OBP0-7)
```

## Object Priority and Conflicts

There are two kinds of "priorities" as far as objects are concerned.
The first one defines which objects are ignored when there are more than 10 on a
given scanline. The second one decides which object is displayed on top when some
overlap (the Game Boy being a 2D console, there is no Z coordinate).

### Selection priority

During each scanline's OAM scan, the PPU compares [`LY`](<#FF44 - LY (LCD Y Coordinate) (R)>)
([using `LCDC` bit 2 to determine their size](<#LCDC.2 - OBJ size>)) to each
object's Y position to select up to 10 objects to be drawn on that line.

> The PPU scans OAM sequentially (from $FE00 to $FE9F), and stops as soon as 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PPU scans OAM sequentially (from $FE00 to $FE9F), selecting the first 10 objects.
```

Author: It's *up to* 10 objects, so not quite...

Reviewer: The first (up to ten) objects found 

or

The first objects found, up to a maximum of 10

> objects are found, ignoring the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
